1. Write a function that takes a string as input and does the following:
- Returns True if the input string has more vowels than consonants
- Returns False if the input string has more consonants than vowels
- Returns None (this is the Python equivalent of null) if the input string has an equal number of consonants and vowels. 
  We’ll ignore type safety for now!

2. The volume of a cylinder is given by the formula V = πhr^2. '
Given a radius R and height H as inputs return the volume 
of a cylinder with radius R and height H.

3. Comma-separated values (CSV) is a popular format for storing data. 
For the first step of the CSV portion of this assignment, 
write a function that takes a list of strings as inputs, 
and returns a single string created by joining all the input strings together, 
with a comma separating them.


4. Now write another function that takes a list of lists of strings, 
applies the operation from question 3 to each list, 
and writes the result as a row of an output file. 
The function should return the path to the file where the strings were written.


5. Finally, write the reverse of question 4: 
write a function that takes in a filename (which we will assume is a CSV), 
and returns a list of lists of strings, where one row in the file corresponds to one 
list in the output list (and each value between the commas in the file row is one 
element in the list).


6. Error-handling is an important part of writing web apps, 
especially when your app talks to potentially unreliable third-party APIs. 
This problem will have you practice the try/except keywords in Python. 
Write a function that takes two numbers and divides the first one by the second. 
You should catch the error if the second number is zero and print a warning instead of crashing.


7. Write a function that takes a list of integers and returns the same list, 
but without any duplicates.


8. In Python, you can write code that interacts with other parts of your operating system. 
Write a function that creates a new folder called “hw3-folder” 
inside the current directory (the one where your code is running).

Q1: Answer has logical branches that can return True, False, or None
Q2: Answer uses math library to calculate pi.
Q3: Answer is correct OR string.join() method is called in some fashion
Q4: Answer writes to a file in some way
Q5: Answer reads from a comma-separated file in some way.
Q6: Answer uses try/except statements and catches a ZeroDivisionError.
Q7: Answer is correct OR answer uses a Python set in some way
Q8: Answer uses the os library in some way.

